Submission Demos track for NordiCHI 2022
Hearing Aid adjustment interface in React
A case project of Computer Science (AP) selective course “UI design”
Xiaolei, XBI,  Bi
Adjunkt,   Erhvervsakademi Midtvest, xbi@eamv.dk
Kiryl, KIRY,  Zhukau 
STUDENT, ERHVERVSAKADEMI MIDTVEST KIRY0001@EAMV.DK 
Simeon,SIME, and Josua Frederiksen 
STUDENT, ERHVERVSAKADEMI MIDTVEST , SIME0135@EAMV.DK
The students originally get the task to redesign a fitting dashboard for a hearding aid.  After research and user investigation, the students find an existing problem where the hearing aid users not being able to hear the hearing aid when the battery is getting used. This is the starting point where the students start to design the user interface.
CCS CONCEPTS • Insert your first CCS term here • Insert your second CCS term here • Insert your third CCS term here
Additional Keywords and Phrases: Insert comma delimited author-supplied keyword list, Keyword number 2, Keyword number 3, Keyword number 4
ACM Reference Format:
First Author’s Name, Initials, and Last Name, Second Author’s Name, Initials, and Last Name, and Third Author’s Name, Initials, and Last Name. 2018. The Title of the Paper: ACM Conference Proceedings Manuscript Submission Template: This is the subtitle of the paper, this document both explains and embodies the submission format for authors using Word. In Woodstock ’18: ACM Symposium on Neural Gaze Detection, June 03–05, 2018, Woodstock, NY. ACM, New York, NY, USA, 10 pages. NOTE: This block will be automatically generated when manuscripts are processed after acceptance.
1	INTRODUCTION
The students reading datamatiker (erhvervsakademi midt vest Herning Computer Science (AP) in their 4th semester. They had a selective course in the spring semester ‘UI Design’ where they are challenged to work on   hearing aid interface redesign and build a prototype.
 
They used design thinking as their primary design method. They made prototype in papir and figma, then deploy and build the concept further.
1.1	Empathise
Following the guidelines throughout this template will also improve the accessibility of your manuscript and increase the audience for your work.  Ensure that heading styles are applied as instructed, tables are created using Word’s table feature (rather than an image), figures have a text equivalent, and list styles are applied as instructed.
To increase the accessibility of your manuscript, you should set the title and language metadata. On Word for Windows, open the File tab and click on Info. On Word for Mac, click the File Menu and select Properties, then click the Summary tab. Fill in the title of your document. For anonymous review, clear the ‘author’ field.
To set the document language, click the Review tab in the Ribbon. On Word for Windows: Click the Language button and select “Set Proofing Language.” Verify the language is set correctly. On Word for Mac: Click the Language button and select the document language from the pop-up.
1.2	Define
This submission version of your paper should not have headers or footers, these will be added when your manuscript is processed after acceptance. It should remain in a one-column format—please do not alter any of the styles or margins.
If a paper is accepted for publication, authors will be instructed on the next steps. Authors must then follow the submission instructions found on their respective publication’s web page. Once your submission is received, your paper will be processed to produce the formatted Word, PDF, and HTML5 output formats, which will be provided to you for review, revision/resubmission (if applicable), and approval. 
1.3	Ideate
The new template enables you to import required indexing concepts for your article from the ACM Computing Classification System (CCS) using an indexing support tool found in the ACM Digital Library (DL). The tool generates formatted text after you have selected your terms. To insert CCS terms into your document, copy and paste the formatted text from the CCS tool using the “https://dl.acm.org/ccs/ccs.cfm” link into the “CCS CONCEPTS” section. 
An additional step is necessary to ensure that the proper CCS terms are added to the Digital Library citation page: from the “view CCS TeX Code” listing, click on “Show the XML Only.” Highlight and copy the XML code from the window. You must insert the XML code into your Word document’s properties: from your Word document, click on “File”, then click on the “Info” tab on the left-hand side panel, then click “Properties” and select “Show All Properties.” Click within the “Comments” metadata field and paste the XML data.
2	PROTOTYPE
The next subsections provide instructions on how to insert figures, tables, and equations in your document. 
2.1	versions
 The design is developed in two different versions, using different technologies. The first version is developed with pure HTML, CSS and a bit of JavaScript, and SASS is used to generate CSS, to make the CSS structure cleaner, and easier to read and further develop. The second version is developed using the React library. Both versions are visually identical, however, the React version has slightly more features, which are developed with JavaScript.



React version can be found in the following link:
https://go-ly.netlify.app/

Tables can be very difficult for people using screen reader technology to understand unless they include markup that explicitly defines the relationships between all the parts (i.e.: headers and data cells). A key to making data tables accessible to screen reader users is to clearly identify column and row headers. In Word, authors should identify which row or rows contain column headers. Below are the steps to do this:
1.	Select that table’s row, then right-click the row and select “Table Properties”;
2.	In the Table Properties window, click the Row tab and select the box that says “Repeat as header row at the top of each page.”
Or
Apply the “table head” style by highlighting the respective row and applying the “TableHead” style found in the “Body Element” section of the ACM Master Article Template.
2.2	Figures
Figures are “float elements” which should be inserted after their first text reference, and have specific styles for identification. Insert a figure and apply the “Image” paragraph style to it. For the figure caption, apply the style “FigureCaption.” 
To accommodate readers with color vision differences, figures should still be usable when printed in grayscale. Refer to elements of the figure with non-color terms, for example “indicated as squares” instead of “indicated in blue”. Use different patterns in bar charts, different line patterns in graphs, and different shapes in plots to distinguish groups of elements and reinforce color differences.
2.2.1	Half Width Figures.
Figure 1 is an example of a figure and caption spanning the half-page width (one column in a two column format) with the styles applied.  If your figure contains third-party material, you must clearly identify it as such, as shown in the example below.
